Nick
I am using the app cursor to create the future of voting with the main focus being a phone orienited voting as to make for a more fair and accessable system for voting



Jonah
Hello Gemini, hope you're having a good night. My friend BeachCoder and I are using the Cursor applications
to create an application fundamentally change our voting system...envision an application that uses blockchain to 
verify votes and count them keeping a clear trail for voters to stop voter suppression. Eventually this application will 
be launched on our website themedian.org and have a phone application for at home voting.

The voting system should use the best encryption to keep voter data anonymous. There will be a blacklist for people
that are not allowed to vote such as felons. The system will start as an opt-in process that allows a voter
to have their vote counted on an electoral blockchain. Key aspects of this system include user verification through
Social Security Number confirmation. To disallow brute forcing of SSN's the user will need to verify their name and 
current address with government databases. We will start with a test database with users such as "John Smith" at 
"1 Drury Ln, New York, NY 07008" with SSN 000-00-0001. The system will only allow each MAC address to cast votes once and will blacklist
a device with a reasonable number of ill attempts (I think 3 attempts is reasonable and warn the user after each ill 
attempt).

Modern features such as fingerprint reading and facial recognition will be added in the future. I think we should 
build a blockchain that instead of blocks uses votes with free gas to run the system. Anyone should be able to host a node
but cannot edit the chain itself. A government agency such as ID.me will be used to track valid votes and verify for counting.

Create a SUPERPROMPT for the purposes of having the Cursor AI flesh out this idea and fill in any gaps in logic
and make it as safe secure and robust as possible, squeezing as much out of your context window as possible for
the purposes of handing the task off to Claude 4 Sonnet.